Don't stop.
I love your hands on me.
Hello?
Titus. what?
"I love your hands on me."
Where have I heard that before?
You know. I thought...
that when we moved here
things would be different.
I thought that this would be
a fresh start for our marriage.
- I'm gonna be late.
- Titus!
What do you want from me. Amara?
I want you to stop punishing me.
Baby... I want you to touch me.
I love you. babe...
more than life itself.
Now. I know I made one mistake.
I've told you a thousand times
he meant nothing...
- Who meant nothing?
- Get off me.
You can't even say his name.
can you?
It's Damian Collins...
in case you forgot.
because I never will.
Tracy! Tracy!
Tracy. wake up!
Mother's waiting.
Tracy. would you stop playing?
Tracy!
Tracy?
Tracy. honey. wake up!
Tracy. wake up!
Honey. wake up. please. wake up!
Wake... Evan. call 911!
Honey. wake up. Tracy. please.
wake up. wake up. honey.
Please. you were doing so well.
- It's no use. Stephanie.
- She's dead.
Tracy. wake up! Wake up!
And you're next.
Evan. Evan. no. please!
No!
Good morning.
You sleep okay last night?
- Perfectly fine.
- Why do you ask?
You were a bit restless.
I was worried Constance
might have secretly replaced
our sheets
with lower thread counts.
I appreciate
your concern. darling.
but I can assure you
I'm perfectly refreshed.
Good morning. princess.
Good morning. Dad.
She's out of bed
before the evening news.
Will wonders never cease?
Cut her some slack. Stephanie.
Spelman's on break.
The child can afford
to sleep in a few more days.
I couldn't wait to get out
on breaks when I was your age.
I would rush right home
to work for your grandfather
at his firm.
I had something that was known
back then as self-determination.
You should Google it some time.
What's Google?
Not that you asked. Mom. but
I was up late learning my lines.
You're in another play.
sweetheart?
You guys never listen when
I tell you about my life.
I told you. I got the role
of Lady in Blue
in "For Colored Girls."
That's right! I'm gonna
call your brother tonight.
Maybe Trey can come
to your opening.
Perfect.
Carly. you know that
your father and I support you
in everything that you do.
but at some point
you might want to consider
a more practical major
than theatre studies.
You mean like pre-law. so I
can follow in your footsteps?
And your father's.
and your grandfather's.
And my great-grandfather
Samuel Perkins.
I know. Mom.
I've heard the pitch
a thousand times.
Sweetheart. how are things
going with you and Khalil?
- Khalil is...
- I think it's wonderful
that you're seeing
Marvin and Marilyn Barnes's son.
Looked like you two
were getting close.
It's really not
that serious. Dad.
He just seems like
a good match for you.
I've been trying to convince
Marvin to move
his manufacturing plants
from China to Atlanta.
It would be a huge boost
for the city's economy.
I'll call Marilyn.
I'm gonna leave you two at it.
Things are crazy at city hall.
Abandoning me to the task of
charting our daughter's course.
per usual. I see?
Well. you run everyone's
lives so well. babe.
Bye.
Hey. whee!
Keisha. girl. turn that up!
This used to be my jam.
Y'all know he was
singing about me. right?
If I'd known there was a party.
I'd worn my dancing shoes.
What the hell
do you want. Peters?
Ya know. you're one
hostile lady. Rondell.
Ms. Lancaster.
You don't know me like that.
Fine. Ms. Lancaster.
you know why I'm here.
I already told you
I'm not selling.
You're not gonna have
a choice much longer.
The English Rose development's
going to happen
whether you like it or not.
Rondell.
You could sell to me now.
and get a good deal.
or I can wait until the city
snatches up the entire block
by enforcing
the eminent domain order.
I can read. Peters.
That court order said I got two
months to get enough signatures
for injunctive relief.
You don't even
know what that means.
It means more time to stop
your smug ass
from gutting this neighborhood.
For the life of me.
I'll never understand
why you're fighting this hard.
Is this dive even up to code?
I'd hate... for it
to catch on fire.
I bet your poor old man
would have a hard time
making it out alive.
I suggest you turn
your pasty self around
and leave my restaurant
while you still can.
And Peters.
If you ever decide to
threaten me or my family again.
I'll stick this blade
so far up yo' ass.
you will need a colonoscopy
to find it.
Do you hear me?
One thing about
making threats. Rondell.
you have to be prepared
to follow through.
Now you be careful out there.
Atlanta can be
a rough city after dark.
Cheap-ass suit.
Hey!
Hey.
Is that a new case?
FBI's convinced several
higher ups
in the mayor's cabinet
are on the take.
We're talking allegations of
patronage. money laundering.
embezzlement. you name it.
You think Mayor Lancaster's
in on it?
That's what I need you find out.
I don't know. Karen.
I... I went to college
with the guy's wife.
Even better.
We can use your history
with Stephanie Lancaster
to our advantage.
I wanna cast a wide net
on this one.
Take down as many
crooked bureaucrats as possible.
And I don't need to tell you
what a case like this
would do for your career.
No.
And mine.
Look. Amara. I pulled
a lot of strings to get you
transferred in from Birmingham.
I know. Karen.
and I appreciate that. but...
But nothing.
Show me how much you appreciate
it by taking the damn case.
I'm sorry. Karen. I'm just...
I'm not the right woman
for the job.
- Signature's all we need.
- Got it.
Hi. Mother.
I didn't know you were
stopping by the office today.
Well. your father was
gracious enough to let me use
one of the conference rooms for
some last-minute gala planning.
This year promises to be
our grandest evening yet.
Mwah.
You have a wonderful day.
sweetheart.
Mwah. Mwah.
You two play nice.
So...
how are things coming
with the Purifoy class action?
Just running down the last
of the plaintiffs.
then we can file.
Good.
I put one foot up
Purifoy's ass 25 years ago.
It's time for the other one.
You know. Daddy.
you'd have a lot more time
to help Mother
with the foundation
if you cut back on your workload
at the firm.
Here it comes.
I'm serious. Daddy.
You've been talking about
retiring for years.
Why not now?
The firm's doing well.
And I can take over
the day-to-day management.
You can't even keep that
bottom feeder of a husband
of yours in line.
and you want me to trust you
with my entire law firm?
The only reason I'm still
married to that "bottom feeder"
is because you talked
me out of divorcing him.
So it's my fault?
You said that
having a son-in-law
in the Mayor's office
would be good for business.
that the Carlisles
would run the city.
All I had to do was play my part
as the dutiful First Lady.
Well. I did what you asked.
Evan's the mayor.
And now I want
more than photo-ops
and ribbon-cutting ceremonies.
It's time you handed
Carlisle Perkins over to me.
You lack certain skills.
And by skills. do you mean
a penis and a pair of testicles?
So I can strut around
the locker room
sharing secrets
with the good ol' boys?
See? That's exactly why
you're not ready.
You are a brilliant attorney.
Stephanie.
but you've got a lot to learn.
And it's a good thing I plan
to stick around to teach you.
Dammit. Daddy. I could take
this firm global if you would
just step aside and let me
run things my way.
Is that why you've been
wining and dining.
The senior partners
behind my back. sweetheart?
Planning a little coup. are we?
Stephanie. there is nothing that
happens in my firm
or in my town
that I don't know about.
And don't you ever forget that.
Now you have one job
right now. okay?
Get that ungrateful
husband of yours to play ball.
Stop schmoozing and scheming.
trying to pull some power play.
I get a whiff of any more
of your back-room maneuvers.
and you are out on your ass.
daughter or not.
We'll just see
about that. Daddy.
Well. I think this
all looks good. Titus.
Appreciate your time.
- We'll talk later.
- Okay. Bye.
Titus. that meeting
couldn't have gone any better.
You had the board eating
right out of your hands.
They seem like a good group.
Mr. Purifoy.
Now. I hope we've impressed
on you how important it is
that we stop
this class action lawsuit.
Yes. sir.
Stephen Carlisle has been out
to destroy my business
for decades.
Now his bitch of a daughter's
taken up the charge.
Now. they act like we're
dope dealers peddling smack.
Purifoy Pharmaceuticals
manufactures
an FDA approved pain medication
for God's sake.
We make Limodol to help people.
not hurt 'em.
Don't worry. sir. I plan
to mount a vigorous defense.
You know. I got
a good mind to skip
that self-serving. Carlisle
ego fest of a gala this year.
Mr. Purifoy.
it'll be a PR nightmare
if you don't make an appearance
with this lawsuit looming.
I think you and your family
should go.
Donate some money.
Show the people of Atlanta that
the Purifoys
are heartbroken
over this opioid epidemic.
See. I knew I made
the right decision when I lured
you away from solo practice
and into the big leagues.
Nothing against Birmingham.
but you belong in a major city
like Atlanta.
A young brother like you's gonna
go far in a city like this.
- A young brother?
- Damn straight.
Especially with my backing.
I mean. it's no secret Atlanta
is a black city. Titus.
I mean. an ol' cracker like me
can only reach
a certain level of prominence.
even with all my money.
But you and me together...
we're gonna be unstoppable.
In fact. I want
you and your wife at my table.
Of course. sir.
Well. I better get ready
for my next meeting.
You do that.
You watch out for her.
She's as wicked
as a rattlesnake.
Hi. how are you? Hi.
Hi. good morning. Hi.
Good morning.
I hope the Purifoys
sent someone competent.
You tell me.
Titus Hughes.
Good morning. counselor.
What are you doing here?
Admiring the view.
I seem to recall you
being easily distracted
by other views.
How is Amara?
She's well.
Thank you for asking.
It looks like she's
taking good care of you.
Can I take that as a compliment?
More of an observation.
but you can take it
however you like.
You always said you'd
run this place one day.
And you always said you'd
dedicate your life
to fighting
for the less fortunate.
Now here you are
in my conference room
all set to defend
a soulless corporation.
What can I say? People change.
Not all people.
You look good. Stephanie.
You do understand that flattery
won't make me go any easier
on you in court?
Well. before we go
all John Grisham on one another.
you think an old friend
can get a hug?
Titus. you and I were
a lot of things to one another...
Lovers. competitors.
enemies...
but never quite friends.
I guess that was the problem?
You tell me.
I must admit. there's still
something about you
after all these years.
However...
I wanna be clear.
I plan to dismantle
Purifoy Pharmaceuticals
brick by brick.
Give me your best.
Stephanie Carlisle.
It's Lancaster now.
And it's my worst
that should concern you.
Alright. hold on. I'll be back.
What was so urgent
you had to see me today.
Lancaster?
I heard about the visits
you've been paying my sister.
I want you to stop.
The thing about family... they
can either
propel us to greatness. or they
can be our Achilles heel.
Spare me the Greek philosophy.
Peters.
Leave Rondell out of this.
I'm not sure you comprehend
what's at stake here.
I need that entire block
in The Banks
to make this development work.
And you need me
to remain in your corner
if you ever wanna make
your dream of becoming
the first black governor
of Georgia a reality.
Relax. Peters.
There's no reason we can't
all get what we want.
Here's the difference
between you and me. Lancaster.
You're a patient man.
I'm not.
I'll handle my sister.
I know one of us better.
See you at your family's gala.
You know how much I love
giving back to the community.
You understand
I must look perfect?
Trust me. Stephanie.
you are going to be
the most beautiful woman
in the room.
Mayor Lancaster won't be
able take his eyes off you.
Did I say something wrong?
This isn't about him. Bella.
It's about honoring
the memory of my sister.
Besides.
when you've been married
as long as Evan and I have.
you don't expect to be noticed.
What about your love life?
Who are you bringing
to the gala?
I'm taking Roderick.
Things are getting serious?
Well. I don't know about that.
but he definitely
comes in handy.
A handyman?
And he's good with
more than just his hands.
Enjoy it.
Relationships have a way
becoming complicated
very quickly.
One second you're having
the best sex of your life.
and the next.
you want to kill him.
Have as much fun as you can
while you're young.
beautiful. and free.
I intend to do just that.
And of course. Purifoy's last
general counsel let a ton
of work pile up once he found
out Hunter was gonna can him.
Sounds like fun for you.
Yeah. you know. trial by fire.
I spoke to Deja.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
She's still salty with us
for enrolling her in Excalibur.
Well. maybe we made a mistake.
Kid wants to be here with us.
not at some stuffy
boarding school.
I know. Titus. but Excalibur
is one of the best
private academies
in the country.
I mean. what they're doing with
STEM education is cutting edge.
We agreed that this is what's
best for Deja right now.
I know. but there are
perfectly good schools
here in Atlanta.
You know. I don't like
being away from her either.
You know. maybe once we get settled.
and get our own shit worked out.
then we can revisit
this conversation.
But in the meantime. this time
is supposed to be about us
acclimating and reconnecting.
Can we... can we skip
the gala tonight. stay in?
You know we can't do that.
Hunter personally asked me
to attend.
Well. aren't you in the least
bit anxious about being
in the same room with Stephanie?
I mean. we haven't
done that since...
- Since you and me got together.
- Yeah.
I was gonna say since
college. but. yeah. that too.
- It's a work thing.
- It'll be fine.
You're probably right.
I mean. we haven't
seen her in forever.
Yeah. forever.
So let's just not
worry about it.
Titus. you haven't
even finished your lunch.
I gotta run.
Can I help you with that?
What took you so long?
Got here as soon as I could.
Alright.
Now approaching
are the Mayor Evan Lancaster
and the always beautiful
Stephanie Carlisle Lancaster.
Thank you.
Necole. tonight I'm just Evan.
a proud husband supporting
his beautiful wife.
Stephanie. every year.
your family's foundation
chooses a cause.
This year. you've chosen
the opioid epidemic.
That's right. Necole.
My youngest sister Tracy died
a year ago from an overdose.
My family. like so many others
in Atlanta
and throughout the country.
have been
devastated by this crisis.
So. tonight's for them.
I couldn't think of
a more worthy cause.
Now. before I let you go.
you look stunning.
Thank you.
Who are you wearing?
I am wearing
a Bella Tru Original.
Speaking of the rising
fashionista. here she is.
Bella Tru. and her man.
former Atlanta Falcons
running back Roderick Johnson!
Good to see you again. Necole.
Good to see you guys.
And you look
sensational. First Lady.
Thank you.
But we can thank Bella.
She's a true miracle worker.
You give me way too much credit.
Sweetheart.
we should get inside.
Of course. darling.
Well. here's hoping that we all
have a night to remember!
Yes.
- This is nice.
- Yeah.
Baby. relax.
It's all good.
- You look beautiful.
- Thank you.
Is... is that them?
Yeah.
Gird your loins.
Good evening. Hunter.
Titus. my man!
- Glad you made it.
- Thank you.
And this must be
the whip-smart Amara
I've heard so much about.
It's a pleasure to
meet you. Mr. Purifoy.
Mr. Purifoy was my daddy.
Please. call me Hunter.
Hunter it is.
Sweetheart. aren't you
going to introduce us?
Of course. dear.
Titus and Amara Hughes.
I'd like you to meet
my beautiful wife. Juniper.
This is my daughter. Lori.
- Hi. So nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Titus. Lori works
with us at Purifoy.
She oversees our PR department.
So. you'll be seeing
a lot of each other.
You're behind the company's
latest marketing campaign?
I am.
Isn't it fantastic?
Excuse me. Daddy. I'm gonna
step out for a moment.
It was very nice
meeting you both.
- You. too.
- No problem. angel.
Amara. Hunter tells me you work
for the U.S. Attorney's Office.
I was actually in the
Northern District of Birmingham
for seven years. and then I
transferred to Atlanta
once Titus accepted
the position at Purifoy.
Are you from Alabama originally?
No. actually
born and raised in Houston.
Yeah. South Side.
I think it's absolutely
wonderful how you've managed
to pull yourself up
by the bootstraps.
This country needs more of that
to bring it back to greatness.
I'm sure your folks
back in Texas are proud.
Extremely.
If you'll excuse me. I'm
gonna shuffle off to the bar.
Take your time.
We'll get better
acquainted with Titus here.
Yeah.
Look who's moonlighting.
I guess they let anybody up
in The Ducksworth Hotel?
- What have we got here?
- Get your hands off.
- Could use a little more sauce.
- Get the hell away
from my stand before I forget
my home-training.
Everything okay. Sis?
Nothing I can't handle.
- Mayor Lancaster!
- How's it going?
Are you enjoying your evening?
I always enjoy seeing
my two favorite Lancasters.
We should hang out more.
Kiss the crack of
my black ass. Peters.
That could be arranged.
Nothing like family.
Man. am I going to miss
having her around.
What the hell's
that supposed to mean?
Well. the golden
Lancaster princess herself.
Finally we meet.
You're the last person
I expected to see
at one of my family's events.
Yeah. well. that
makes two of us.
Let me guess. your parents
thought attending a fundraiser
fighting Atlanta's opioid crisis
would make them look less
guilty?
If I didn't know any better.
I'd say it was your mom
standing here in front of me.
My mother
is doing her job by going
after Purifoy Pharmaceuticals.
Your family's job is
to sit around figuring out
how to make a profit off
unsubstantiated lawsuits.
while my family produces safe
and effective medications
that help people
who are suffering.
Spoken like a true Purifoy.
And just what would
you know about truth?
- Excuse me?
- Come on.
Tell me. have you come out
to Mommy and Daddy yet?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Give that back!
What are you doing?
Now you have my number
for when you want to have
a deeper conversation about
living one's truth.
Have a good night.
My goodness.
this is so delicious!
It reminds me of my Big Mama's
food back in Texas.
That means yo' Big Mama
know how
to throw down in that kitchen!
Well. you already know.
Hi. Amara Hughes.
- Rondell Lancaster.
- Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet... wait
a minute. Lancaster?
Any relation to the mayor?
Child. yeah. he's my brother.
So. if Evan is your brother.
that would make Stephanie...
A pain in my ass. okay?
Well. well. well.
If it isn't Amara Hughes.
You look beautiful.
It's been a minute. soror.
Soror?
I pledged Amara to
my sorority at Spelman.
Big Sis taught Little Sis
everything she knows.
Right. Amara?
We shared practically
everything.
We had some good times.
And some bad ones. as I recall.
I see you met
my nosy sister-in-law.
Who you callin' nosy?
And now the reunion is complete.
Hey. Steph.
Titus Hughes. it seems like
only yesterday I last saw you.
Wait. it was yesterday.
You saw each other yesterday?
Girl. relax.
I meant I saw the Atlanta
Business Chronicle article
on Purifoy's
latest hire yesterday.
It looks like your husband and
I will be facing off in court.
Is this a private party or what?
Darling. let me introduce you
to two dear old friends
from college...
Titus and Amara Hughes.
Titus. Amara. meet my husband.
Mayor Evan Lancaster.
- Mr. Mayor.
- Amara.
Nice to meet you. Evan.
I prefer Mayor Lancaster.
Titus Hughes... as in
old college boyfriend?
It was another
lifetime. sweetheart.
Well. old boyfriend.
I'm the new husband.
Welcome to my city.
Amara.
Darling.
Mother. it's time.
Ladies and gentlemen.
the woman of the hour.
Miss Irene Perkins Carlisle.
I want to thank you all
for making tonight
our most successful gala ever!
We have raised
just over $500.000 tonight
towards battling
opioid addiction in the city!
I know both my father
and our beautiful daughter.
Tracy.
are smiling down.
Our son Adrian
and daughter Samantha
couldn't be here this evening.
But I am proud to have
my husband. Steven.
our brilliant daughter.
Stephanie.
our son-in-law.
Mayor Evan Lancaster.
and our beautiful granddaughter.
Carly.
here to commemorate
the occasion.
So. please. enjoy the rest
of tonight's festivities.
And we will see you next year.
That's it!
I just can't take any more!
If I may just add
one final thought.
Please do.
Irene Carlisle.
you are the pillar
of strength and inspiration.
I humbly ask you to accept
this donation. Irene.
so that together we can stop
this addiction
that has our loved ones
in this...
horrible bondage.
destroying families
and communities.
With this check.
the Purifoy family
matches the $500.000
raised tonight!
And that brings
the amount raised
by the Samuel Perkins Foundation
this evening.
ladies and gentlemen.
to one million dollars.
I'm gonna show
this son of a bitch
just where he can
cash his check.
Good night.
Good night. sweetie.
I'll see you at home.
See you at the office.
Mayor.
Mayor. First Lady Lancaster.
thank you and your family
for such a great evening.
- You're welcome. Roderick.
- I hope you both had fun.
We did. and for
such a worthy cause.
You ready to get out of here?
- Absolutely.
- Yeah?
Mr. Mayor. Stephanie.
- Leaving so soon?
- Afraid so.
It was a lovely event.
thank you.
Was Purifoy's
donation your idea?
Actually. it was. yeah.
And what about doing it when
it would completely
upstage my mother?
Of course not.
I hoped he would simply mail
a check to the foundation.
Come on. Steph.
You know Titus would never
suggest something like that.
I once thought I knew
what Titus was capable of.
Obviously. I was wrong.
You can tell your client
it won't work.
A half million dollars won't
even cover the interest payments
on the judgment I'm going
to win against the Purifoys.
I'm sorry. Am I the only one
gets turned on when my baby
talks that legalese?
I think it's time
we call it a night.
- Yeah. night-night.
- Come on. babe.
I'm tired of talking about this!
I told you.
we're opposing counsels.
We're gonna see one another.
It wasn't a big deal.
So. if it wasn't a big deal.
then why did you lie about
when the time
it was you saw her?
I didn't lie. I just didn't
tell you about it.
Never should have told you
I was pregnant.
- Amara.
- No.
Titus. that is the reason
that you married me.
And when I lost the baby.
you should have just...
- gone back to Stephanie.
- I didn't want Stephanie!
I wanted you!
What a better way to get
back at me for Damian
than for you to take up
with Stephanie again?
See. that's your problem. Amara.
You keep projecting
your bullshit on me.
I'm not the one who cheated.
Hello.
Yeah. Karen. Hi. it's Amara.
Hey. I know it's late.
I'm sorry.
I just... I've been
thinking about the case.
And I changed my mind.
I'm the perfect
woman for the job.
I'd say the evening
went well. wouldn't you?
- The show's over. Evan.
- No need to make small talk.
Forgive me for thinking
we could be civil for a change.
I guess you're saving
your sweet side
for Titus Hughes.
Had to hurt...
when he dismissed you
for your home girl
back in college.
Did you convince
that idiot sister of yours
to sell the restaurant?
Don't talk about Rondell.
Greg Peters is one of my
father's most important clients.
and he's growing antsy.
I can't have that.
Daddy's little princess.
always so eager
to do his bidding.
Have you ever considered
your real problem with men
is that you're so damn
in love with your father?
There's the bitch
we all know and love!
The English Rose development
is going to make us
all a lot of money.
And I won't let Rondell's
hood-rat ass mess that up.
So. either you
convince her to sell.
or I'm gonna have to step in.
What are you
gonna do. Stephanie?
Wait. don't answer that.
Because I know exactly
what you'll do.
You'll threaten.
You'll pout.
You'll rage.
Then you'll go to Daddy
like the incompetent
little nothing that you are.
It's no wonder he won't
hand over the firm to you.
You are so pathetic
and predictable.
Maybe if you weren't always
kissing up to Stephen.
you'd have noticed your kid
sister was turning into a junkie
before it was too late.
What am I going to do now. Evan?
Put the gun down. Steph.
I'm predictable. right?
What's predictable. pathetic
Stephanie going to do
with this loaded gun?
You're not gonna kill
the mayor of Atlanta.
You've got a lot
of stock in that title.
I'll tell you this much.
husband.
If I ever decide to kill you.
they'd never be able
to trace it back to me.
That is. of course. if they can
find enough of your remains
to even identify you.
Now if you ever...
speak to me
the way that you just did...
it'll be the last words
you utter.
I'm sorry. we're closed.
I know they see that sign.
What are you doing?
What do you want?
You enjoyed yourself.
flirting with that punk
in front of me all night.
didn't you?
Roderick and I are both single.
red-blooded human beings.
Why shouldn't we enjoy
each other's company?
You're my woman.
And don't you forget it.
Next time on "Ambitions"...
That man will bring you
nothing but misery.
Evan loves me.
And one day soon.
he's going to prove it.
Stephanie is not a factor.
I'm waiting for someone.
You went too far. old man.
You're gonna get this
warning one time.
Amara Hughes.
Is a naughty. naughty girl.
Hypocritical. lying little slut.
We came to Atlanta
to make a new start.
There you are.
You really want
the dirt on Lancaster?